The way I feel for you amazes me daily.
I have never loved before, not like this.
Even after all this time, whenever you walk into the room, my heart still skips a beat.
It is so comforting, to look across the room at you to find you looking at me, and somehow I know what you are thinking.
This is a magical bond we share, and I treasure it in my heart.
Your kisses, whether tender and gentle or rough and demanding, are consuming.
Your touch is like fire and surprisingly, I find myself time and time again, completely surrendering to your love.
For me, there is no control, not when it comes to how I feel about you.
You are the world to me baby, and my world is brighter, since our paths have crossed.
As we travel on our journey, hand-in-hand, there is no obstacle we can not get past.
With you, I am strong.
With you, I am happy.
With you, life is good.
I love you and want you beside me, always.
From the moment our eyes met, our hearts knew what our minds couldn't comprehend.
I have never felt such an unexplainable love that we share.
I could never find enough words to express my love for you.
The feeling is so overwhelming that a moment without you is like a thousand years with the sun.
I want to give to you the joy you have brought to my life.
You are my living breath, my life, my love, my soulmate.
I love you with all my heart.
You're the sun behind the cloud, the page behind the book covers.
Every part of you is sensational in every way shape and form.
I trust in you like soap trusts water.
If I was to jump a bridge I know you would be my wings to fly me to safety.
If the world was a straight line, we would follow its every move.
If the sea were a blanket we would sleep under it.
If the clouds were birds we would fly into the sky.
At night we would paint our name in the stars, then travel the moon and look down on earth.
As we lie next to each other in bed and sleep in each other's arms we will see each other in our dreams.
In my dreams, we travel the world and see the glory of nature, the beautiful flowers in their radiant colors, the different colors of the sea, and the wild animals as they live their life.
Loving you is easy because you're the one for me.
I trust you, I need you, I want you, and I know I have you.
There are just some things that words cannot describe.
The feeling I have when I talk to you, when I think about you, and when I dream about you, is amazing.
I've never felt that before in my life.
I think that you're a wonderful person and without you there for me when I needed you, I don't know where I would be right now.
My love for you has grown so much over the past couple of months.
I think back to when we first met, I would have never imagined that we would be where we are today.
It's just going to keep getting better.
I don't think that our love will ever fade or wither.
I'll always be there for you and when you need someone to talk to I hope you come to me.
I'll be your best friend.
So once again I say, "All You".
My life is perfect with you in it.
So, I thank you.
There are no words that I can speak, no song that I can sing, and no gesture that I can show, to prove my love for you, for the love I have for you has no definition.
How can I describe the sheer joy I feel with the very thought of you.
How simply hearing your voice causes my heart to beat faster, my pulse to race and my smile to widen.
How can just one person give me so much hope for a future I have always dreamed of.
You have opened my heart and awakened my soul.
You are my one and only true love.
That is how I know that our love is everlasting.
Ever since you came into my life with this heavenly made gift called "LOVE", I have noticed so many changes in my left alone world; you made me believe again that love comes to those who know and listen to the music of love.
You have touched my life in so many ways like being there for me at a time when all hope was lost.
When I was deserted and thought that the world has come to an end, you stood by me all through the rough and tough times.
You made me understand that life is all about appreciation and understanding but must be appreciated first before understanding.
I promise to be there for you in good and bad times because you are worth dying for.
I pray that the Good Lord watch over us till the end of time.
Baby, from the moment I met you, I knew you were someone special.
I knew by the way you looked at me, talked to me and how you were there for me.
I was afraid to love again.
afraid of the pain it might bring.
But in a short time, you showed me that real love wasn't painful or deceiving.
You showed me that I deserved to be loved and happy.
You gave new meaning to my life and I could never thank you enough for that.
You truly are a Godsend to me.
You make me feel loved, you make me feel safe, but more importantly, you make me feel wanted.
Something that I hadn't felt in a very long time.
We both knew our friendship would grow right from the very first day we spoke.
But neither one of us could begin to imagine the love we both feel, not exploding or thundering into our hearts, but just slowly growing into a beautiful relationship that only you and I can understand.
We don't even need to be together, we are never apart.
You are my soul mate, my best friend, my inspiration, my love.
When I met you at your uncle's birthday party that night, I had no idea that you liked me as much as I liked you.
Right when I laid eyes on you, I knew that I just made eye contact with one of God's angels.
When you called me that night to go to your house to watch a movie, I was frozen to the spot.
Just to hear your voice made my heart melt.
Your voice is the sweetest sound ever to touch my ears.
No other sound in this world will ever be so sweet.
Your smile is the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed.
Even more beautiful than a rose blooming or the sun set in the mountains.
When I hug you, I feel that you care by the way your heart beats against mine.
When I am with you, the world and its troubles are nothing to me but a blur.
When I have a bad day I know you are there for me.
Just the same for you if you are having a bad day; I'll do anything to make you smile, to kiss your soft, sweet lips - to look into those beautiful eyes that sparkle with happiness.
In those eyes I see a fire of passion and safeness.
I was about to give up all hope on love until I laid eyes on you.
I now realize that you are my reason for waking up in the morning.
God put me on this earth to be with you.
And I thank Him and pray to Him every night for sending you to me.
Everything I have done right and wrong in life I would do it all over again as long as my life and love ended back into your arms and the glorious presence of your smile.
Without you I think that I would be lying in a pile of my own dirt and troubles.
You are a falling angel from the heavens - I am so glad I caught you with my arms and love.
The love I have for you sends the angels to their knees.
There is no mountain that can reach higher than my love for you.
No river is deeper than the deepest of my love.
My love stretches for more miles than any ocean can stretch.
Your love is the kind only people dream about.
All the money in the world or all the joy in the world would never be more important to me than you.
You are my life, my soul, my love, my everything.
When I hear your voice my heart stops.
And ever since we met, my heart has been beating far more rapidly.
Just to have you as mine and be with you is more than I could ask for.
My whole life I thought my perfect love was only my dream, but now that I have found you I can end my search.
I hope that we are together forever 'cause without you, I will be nothing but a complete wreak.
Before you, I thought of myself as a tiny, no good person.
It is imperative that I have your love - to keep myself.
You hold the key to my heart that keeps me in contact with life.
Without you I am nothing.
No other woman or anyone will mean as much as you do.
I love you more than life itself and more than I love myself - you are my everything.
I can be myself when I am with you.
Your idea of romance is dim lights, soft music, and just the two of us.
You make me feel like I have never felt before.
I can tell you anything, and you won't be shocked.
Your undying faith is what keeps the flame of our love alive.
You and I together, we can make magic.
We're a perfect match.
Thinking of you, fills me with a wonderful feeling.
Your love gives me the feeling, that the best is still ahead.
You never give up on me, and that's what keeps me going.
You are simply irresistible.
I love you because you bring the best out of me.
I love your terrific sense of humor.
Every time I look at you, my heart misses a beat.
You're the one who holds the key to my heart.
You always say what I need to hear.
You have taught me the true meaning of love.
Love is what you mean to me - and you mean everything.
You are my theme for a dream.
I have had the time of my life and I owe it all to you.
And, of course, I love your intelligence, 'cause you were smart enough to fall in love with me.
I just wanted to do something simple to say I love you and to put that smile I love so much back on your face.
I want everyone to know how much you mean to me.
Ever since you have entered my life, I've been flying on Cloud 9 and I have not come down yet.
I tell you this everyday, but you are the most beautiful person I know, inside and out and I see that more clearly with each passing day.
I love everything about you, about us.
You do something to me that no other has, you have made me so happy, the happiest I've ever been.
You give me the most amazing feelings inside, the feeling of being in love with you.
I still don't know what I did to be so lucky to have you in my life, my dream come true.
I am so thankful.
In this short time that we've been together, we have grown so much and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us.
Sitting here and thinking back as to how you have made my life so much better, I could never begin to tell you what your love means to me.
You have shown me countless times how you care and how you believe in me.
I know I tell you all the time how amazing you are.
You're an incredible woman; there is nothing I believe you can't do.
The way you make me feel is like nothing I've ever felt before.
You have brought out a part in me that I put away a long time ago and thought I'd never be able to find again.
You make everything so simple and easy for me to let go and with you in my life I don't need to hide that part of me anymore.
What you make me feel for you is nothing short of the ultimate happiness.
You are in my thoughts, my dreams, my desires, but most of all my heart.
You are my babygirl, my sweetheart, and my love.
I feel so happy just being with you this way.
You're my baby, and will forever be my baby.
You will always be the love of my life, and please never give up, always have faith in yourself and you will gain the greatest gift of all, the gift of hope and love you righteously deserve.
Every time I think of you my heart misses a beat.
You're my theme for a dream.
Every moment we share together we grow closer.
I'm simply hanging by a moment, waiting to see you again so you can hold me so tight that all else fades; I thought after you left you would fade away from my mind, but still everyday I wake up dreaming of our time together.
I will never forget you.
I hope you still think of me too.
I love you with all that I am, all that I was and all that I will ever be.
Please know that my love and I are inseparable and I would want it no other way.
If time could express my love for you then it's forever and a day.
I can't wait to be with you, see your smile, look in your eyes, feel your sweet touch, hear your perfect words and kiss your perfect lips.
The way I feel about you some people call it crazy, some call it insane, but I call it true love.
I really love you, Baby Bear.
Who would have ever thought that I would find in you what it means to "love".
You have taught me what it means to love another person.
More than that, your love taught me how to love myself better.
It is because of you that I am the man I am today.
It is because of you that I know loyalty and commitment, dedication and pride, peace and contentment.
It is because of you that I can smile on the inside even when the clouds are forming for another storm to overcome.
It is because of you that I breathe.
It is because of you that I live.
It is because of you that love is real.
Your heart has a beauty that I find in no other.
Your warmth and compassion inspire me to take new risks and grow daily, refining me into a better person.
Your eyes hold a sexiness and a passion others can only long for.
As long as my heart beats, I shall seek out your soul and feel fulfilled.
You are the very air that I breathe, the very love that I need, my heart, my soul, my everything.
The sweetest of my memories come when I think of you.
I remember the very first day that I saw you, I could not believe I was looking at a human being.
I pinched myself the hardest one could ever do so as to wake myself up from the drunken stupor I was in.
For a moment I believed I was in heaven; I even danced to the music the angels were singing.
Upon opening my eyes I realized I was not in heaven but that an angel had come down to earth, just for me.
The music of your voice surpasses that of the greatest orchestra belting out its very best composition.
Your skin is softer than the finest satin and glows radiantly illuminating like the sun, setting over a serene pool of crystal clear water.
Your eyes dance like mermaids in the sunshine, promulgating the exotic beauty from within your innermost being.
Words alone limit me to explaining exactly how I feel about you.
I can say you are the sole comforter to me, the only one who ever took the pain to understand me.
You dry every tear that falls down my cheeks.
Loving you is the best thing that ever happened to me and I will forever cherish the moments we have spent together.
Every night I dream of heaven, and I've gotten used to the idea that they are looking for an angel, one that went missing the day you stepped into my life.
When we met all my sorrows were washed away and I took a step into the impossible, crossing the margin from natural to supernatural.
You are my angel and forever you will be.
The one whose memories I will treasure forever till the day I turn into an angel like you.
I love you because you make me look forward to each day.
You're my everything, a dream come true.
There are no words to express what I feel for you.
There are no songs as beautiful as the music that fills my soul when I hear your voice.
There are no roses as lovely as your smile.
Nothing moves me like you do.
There are no days brighter than the days I spend talking to you on the phone.
You're my light in the darkness.
There could never be words strong enough to express my love for you.
When I look into your eyes, I know there is a bond between us that no one can break.
The look you give me with those eyes when you think I'm not looking is all I need.
When I look in your eyes, I see the love that abides deep within your soul; they tell me you love me in so many ways.
When two people love each other, they don't look at each other; they look in the same direction.
Sometimes in life, we meet people we have no expectation of meeting.
Sometimes you meet people and your whole world experience reforms.
I met you and started realizing the reason why I have to stay longer.
There are times I wonder who cares about me; and there you are waiting with a smiling face.
My heart accelerates at the speed of light, every time I breathe, I hear the rhythms of your sweet name, so melodious and charming.
Every time I breathe I notice the inclination in the level of love I have for you.
Maybe it's because I keep you in the most integral part of my heart.
I dont have to breathe, because my brain will never cease in passing the impulse of you to my soul.
I love and adore you. 
Ever since I first laid eyes on you I was certain they would never again picture sweeter image.
Your voice reached my ears like the sweetest melody.
Ever since that first glance my life shifted as a whole, because in an instant I understood what love really is.
Loving you makes me feel safer and more alive. 
You give me the courage to search, in purest spring, the water that will quench our trust, the strength to reach for the ripest fruit that grows in the highest branch, energy to overcome each and every obstacle.
I will always be aware of this love and a constant readiness to review this feeling is a promise.
I can't tell you how much you mean to me.
When you look at me with that cute little look you do, I feel as if my heart will beat out of my chest.
In your eyes I can see the love you have for me. I hope my eyes return the same message.
I will always look for ways to make you feel special.
So let me tell you every day that you are wonderful.
I was thinking about how my life has changed in the past year and it is crazy how far I've come.
My mind always goes to you and how blessed I am to call you mine. 
I know I'm not the best at expressing my love, but I can't imagine how my life would be without you.
Needless to say, you are the most amazing girl ever.
The first time I heard you say the words, "I love you", it was like I had been taken to Cloud 9 and I still haven't come down.
I love you more than I could ever explain; more than I even understand.
You've touched my heart in ways no one could ever comprehend.
I remember the first time that we kissed. I want you to know, that at that moment, I knew I loved you.
My Love, you have this power over me, this indescribable, undeniable, unmistakable power.
You consume my mind. You invade my thoughts.
You are the ruler of my dream world. 
You bring a smile to my face, a sparkle to my eyes, and a tear to my cheek.
Your voice is like a sweet song, I am hearing for the first time.
You take my breath away, with the simplest things your lips utter.
You make me feel weightless, as though I could float up, and touch the heavens above.
You make me look at life through new eyes, eyes that have never seen the light of day, until now.
I feel as though I am using all my senses, for the first time, and suddenly everything I once knew, is now unfamiliar to me.
You fill every cell in my being, with joy, love and happiness.
You make me want to stand up, and scream at the top of my lungs, "I love you, more than words can say." 
You make my heart soar, like a bird in flight. But most of all... you are you, and I love that.
You are my sun, my moon, my evening star, my light, my life, my love.
It's as if this pen is an extension of my heart, and my heart is guiding it across the paper. Every letter, every word, every stroke, is meant to be; just like we are.
I can tell just by the way you hold me that I mean so much to you; you make me feel so special when I'm with you.
You are the sun in my day, the wind in my sky, the waves in my ocean, and the beat in my heart.
All my dreams came true the day that I met you.
You are the sunshine of my life! Thanks for brightening my world with the warmth of your Love
You are the fire that burns the passion within my soul.
I want you in my arms, I want to feel your touch, I want your lips on mine, I need you very much.
If today, a smile should appear on your face, it's because at this very minute, I am thinking of you and I am smiling too.
Like the sunshine in the morning, may this brighten your day, and remind you that you're thought of in a very warm way.
People search their whole lives for one moment of what we share when we're together.
Here's my love, take it. Here's my soul, use it. Here's my heart, don't break it. Here's my hand, hold it.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
If you want to know how much I love you, look into my eyes with your heart open.
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
If ever you think of me out of the blue, just remember it's all the kisses I've blown in the air finally catching up with you!
Kissing you is like dancing in the rain; it is an exciting kind of sensation that you can't help but fall in love with.
Looking into your eyes I can see beauty, looking into your soul I can see passion, looking into your mind I can see intelligence, but looking into your heart I can see the world.
Your eyes aren't just beautiful, they are a gateway to a world that I want to be part of.
It's quite peculiar for bees and butterflies to not notice a beautiful flower like you.
I think cupid needs to get more arrows because he shot them all at me when I saw you.
The mirror has been talking about you because you're the fairest of them all.
How can someone as perfect as you even exist?